doc(release): Prepare release notes for modules next 22.04 (#2195)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 22.04.5 ###

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue preventing the installation of **centreon-map-engine** on the same machine as **centreon-map-server**.
- Fixed an issue that prevented the migration between MAP Legacy and MAP.
- Fixed an issue that prevented the tooltip for the "old perfdata" plugin from being displayed in the graph.

> - Fixed the diagnostic.sh script to include storage event from Broker output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the **diagnostic.sh** script to include storage event from Broker output.
```

- [Editor] Fixed an issue with map sharing.
- [Install] Fixed an issue preventing the installation of **centreon-map-engine** on the same machine as **centreon-map-server**.
- [Install] Fixed the **diagnostic.sh** script to include storage event from Broker output.
- [Monitoring] Fixed an issue where MAP was not supporting performance data returned by Cisco ASA plugin.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that caused server to crash on corrupted metrics.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that made new hosts and services unavailable until restart.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that prevented the migration between MAP Legacy and MAP.
- [Server] Fixed an issue with migration and images that could cause migration process to stop.
- [Server] Fixed an issue with the server startup error caused by platform without virtual hosts.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue that could cause a blank page to be displayed when user clicked on host name link inside a map.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue that prevented the tooltip for the "old perfdata" plugin from being displayed in the graph.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue when custom URL was set and prevented some old media in maps from being displayed correctly.

> - [Viewer] Fixed an issue when dark theme is not applied on tooltips in Geo views or Standard views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue when dark theme was not applied on tooltips in Geo views or Standard views.
```

## Centreon MAP

### 22.04.5 ###

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

> > You need to execute the configure.sh script in order to apply some fixes provided by this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You need to execute the **configure.sh** script in order to apply some fixes provided by this release.
```

## Centreon MAP Legacy

### 22.04.5

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

> - [Server] Fixed spring persistence issue on sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed Spring persistence issue on sign in.
```

## Centreon BAM

### 22.04.3

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue that prevented Business Activities top counter from loading.

> - Fixed an issue that cause the BA top counter to not load properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [BAM] Redirection in Monitoring -> BA -> monitoring not working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BAM] Fixed an issue in the BA monitoring redirection.
```

- Fixed an error message in boolean rules when a host name was longer than 15 characters.
- Fixed an issue that prevented the children Business Activities from being displayed on Remote Servers.

> - Fixed an export issue that prevented Remote Servers from displaying BAM reporting stats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an export issue that prevented Remote Servers from displaying BAM reporting statistics.
```

- [Widget] Fixed an issue that made links to Business Activities broken on **BAM - Live Business Activity Tree**.
- Fixed an issue that made BA tree not visible if dark mode was used.

> - Fixed a flaw in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.
```

> - Fixed a flaw in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.
```

## Centreon BAM

### 22.04.3

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue that caused MBI pages to not be displayed even with the module and license installed.

> - Improve time for daily ETL calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Fixed the bug when report can't be sent by email with O365.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enhancements

- Improved time for daily ETL calculation.

```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue that prevented MBI pages from being displayed even when module and license are installed.

> - Fixed an issue where report could not be sent by email with Microsoft Office 365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where report could not be sent by email with Microsoft Office 365.

```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue that prevented MBI pages from being displayed even when module and license are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented MBI pages from being displayed even when module and license were installed.
```

## Centreon MBI

### 22.04.4

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 22.04.1

Release date: `soon`

> #### Bugfixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Bug fix
```

> - Send downtimes to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Core] Fixed SQL queries when databases names contain dash.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enhancement

- Downtimes are now also sent to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.

```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 22.04.1

Release date: `soon`

#### Bug fix

- [Core] Fixed SQL queries when databases names contain dash.

#### Enhancement

> - Downtimes are now also sent to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Monitoring] Downtimes are now also sent to Centreon SaaS platform for Anomaly Detection services.
```

## Centreon Anomaly Detection

### 22.04.1

> Release date: `March 31, 2023`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 3, 2023`
```
